feat: Updated best practises for labels (#12749)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/get-started/labels/bp-labels.md

## Static labels are good

> Things like regions, clusters, servers, applications, namespaces, and environments. They will be fixed for a given system/app and have bounded values. Use static labels to make it easier to query your logs in a logical sense (e.g. show me all the logs for a given application and specific environment, or show me all the logs for all the apps on a specific host).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use labels for things like regions, clusters, servers, applications, namespaces, and environments. They will be fixed for a given system/app and have bounded values. Use static labels to make it easier to query your logs in a logical sense (for example, show me all the logs for a given application and specific environment, or show me all the logs for all the apps on a specific host).
```

It’s not critical that every chunk be full when flushed, but it will improve many aspects of operation. As such, our current guidance here is to avoid dynamic labels as much as possible and instead favor filter expressions. For example, don’t add a `level` dynamic label, just `|= "level=debug"` instead.

> *Developer Tip:* Below are some best practices for using dynamic labels with Loki:
> - *Ensure the labels have low cardinality, ideally limited to tens of values.*
> - *Use labels with long-lived values, such as the initial segment of an HTTP path: `/load`, `/save`, `/update`.*
>   - *Do not extract ephemeral values like a trace ID or an order ID into a label; the values should be static, not dynamic.*
> - *Only add labels that users will frequently use in their queries.*
>   - *Don’t increase the size of the index and fragment your log streams if nobody is actually using these labels. This will degrade performance.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some best practices for using dynamic labels with Loki:
- Ensure the labels have low cardinality, ideally limited to tens of values.
- Use labels with long-lived values, such as the initial segment of an HTTP path: `/load`, `/save`, `/update`.
  - Do not extract ephemeral values like a trace ID or an order ID into a label; the values should be static, not dynamic.
- Only add labels that users will frequently use in their queries.
  - Don’t increase the size of the index and fragment your log streams if nobody is actually using these labels. This will degrade performance. 
```

> ### Bloom Filters (Experimental)

Reviewer: I'm not sure that we need this section here, as Blooms don't really have any impact on labels.

As of Loki 3.0, we have also introduced [Bloom Filters]({{< relref "../../operations/query-acceleration-blooms" >}}). Loki 3.0 leverages bloom filters to speed up queries by reducing the amount of data Loki needs to load from the store and iterate through. Loki is often used to run “needle in a haystack” queries. 

## Label values must always be bounded

If you are dynamically setting labels, never use a label which can have unbounded or infinite values. This will always result in big problems for Loki.

Try to keep values bounded to as small a set as possible. We don't have perfect guidance as to what Loki can handle, but think single digits, or maybe 10’s of values for a dynamic label. This is less critical for static labels. For example, if you have 1,000 hosts in your environment it's going to be just fine to have a host label with 1,000 values.

> As a general rule, you should try to keep any single tenant in Loki to less than **100,000 active streams**, and less than a million streams in a 24-hour period.  These values are for HUGE tenants, sending more than **10 TB** a day. If your tenant is 10x smaller, you should have at least 10x less labels.

Reviewer: "Fewer" for things you can count.
```suggestion
As a general rule, you should try to keep any single tenant in Loki to less than **100,000 active streams**, and less than a million streams in a 24-hour period.  These values are for HUGE tenants, sending more than **10 TB** a day. If your tenant is 10x smaller, you should have at least 10x fewer labels.
```

## Be aware of dynamic labels applied by clients

> Loki has several client options: [Grafana Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/), [Promtail]({{< relref "../../send-data/promtail" >}}) (which also supports systemd journal ingestion and TCP-based syslog ingestion), [Fluentd]({{< relref "../../send-data/fluentd" >}}), [Fluent Bit]({{< relref "../../send-data/fluentbit" >}}), a [Docker plugin](/blog/2019/07/15/lokis-path-to-ga-docker-logging-driver-plugin-support-for-systemd/), and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loki has several client options: [Grafana Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/), [Promtail](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/send-data/promtail/) (which also supports systemd journal ingestion and TCP-based syslog ingestion), [Fluentd](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/send-data/fluentd/), [Fluent Bit](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/send-data/fluentbit/), a [Docker plugin](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/MLOKI_VERSION>/send-data/docker-driver/), and more.
```
